[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[eyecu-qt.rosterchangerts]
file_filter = <lang>/rosterchanger.ts
source_lang = en
type = TS

[eyecu-qt.messageprocessorts]
file_filter = <lang>/messageprocessor.ts
source_lang = en
type = TS

[eyecu-qt.dataformsts]
file_filter = <lang>/dataforms.ts
source_lang = en
type = TS

[eyecu-qt.shortcutmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/shortcutmanager.ts
source_lang = en
type = TS

[eyecu-qt.captchaformsts]
file_filter = <lang>/captchaforms.ts
source_lang = en
type = TS

[eyecu-qt.eyecuts]
file_filter = <lang>/eyecu.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.emoticonsts]
file_filter = <lang>/emoticons.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.gatewaysts]
file_filter = <lang>/gateways.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.stanzaprocessorts]
file_filter = <lang>/stanzaprocessor.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.xmppuriqueriests]
file_filter = <lang>/xmppuriqueries.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.starttlsts]
file_filter = <lang>/starttls.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.rostersviewts]
file_filter = <lang>/rostersview.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.socksstreamsts]
file_filter = <lang>/socksstreams.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.rostersmodelts]
file_filter = <lang>/rostersmodel.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.privacyliststs]
file_filter = <lang>/privacylists.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.filestreamsmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/filestreamsmanager.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.traymanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/traymanager.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.remotecontrolts]
file_filter = <lang>/remotecontrol.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.adiummessagestylets]
file_filter = <lang>/adiummessagestyle.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.jabbersearchts]
file_filter = <lang>/jabbersearch.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.multiuserchatts]
file_filter = <lang>/multiuserchat.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.pepmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/pepmanager.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.saslauthts]
file_filter = <lang>/saslauth.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.normalmessagehandlerts]
file_filter = <lang>/normalmessagehandler.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.avatarsts]
file_filter = <lang>/avatars.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.statuschangerts]
file_filter = <lang>/statuschanger.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.accountmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/accountmanager.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.inbandstreamsts]
file_filter = <lang>/inbandstreams.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.optionsmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/optionsmanager.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.bitsofbinaryts]
file_filter = <lang>/bitsofbinary.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.eyecuutilsts]
file_filter = <lang>/eyecuutils.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.annotationsts]
file_filter = <lang>/annotations.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.privatestoragets]
file_filter = <lang>/privatestorage.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.defaultconnectionts]
file_filter = <lang>/defaultconnection.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.mainwindowts]
file_filter = <lang>/mainwindow.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.iqauthts]
file_filter = <lang>/iqauth.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.clientinfots]
file_filter = <lang>/clientinfo.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.sessionnegotiationts]
file_filter = <lang>/sessionnegotiation.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.presencets]
file_filter = <lang>/presence.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.messagearchiverts]
file_filter = <lang>/messagearchiver.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.bookmarksts]
file_filter = <lang>/bookmarks.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.simplemessagestylets]
file_filter = <lang>/simplemessagestyle.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.notificationsts]
file_filter = <lang>/notifications.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.consolets]
file_filter = <lang>/console.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.datastreamsmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/datastreamsmanager.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.rosterts]
file_filter = <lang>/roster.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.autostatusts]
file_filter = <lang>/autostatus.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.compressts]
file_filter = <lang>/compress.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.registrationts]
file_filter = <lang>/registration.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.messagestylests]
file_filter = <lang>/messagestyles.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.vcardts]
file_filter = <lang>/vcard.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.xmppstreamsts]
file_filter = <lang>/xmppstreams.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.rostersearchts]
file_filter = <lang>/rostersearch.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.messagewidgetsts]
file_filter = <lang>/messagewidgets.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.connectionmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/connectionmanager.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.servicediscoveryts]
file_filter = <lang>/servicediscovery.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.chatmessagehandlerts]
file_filter = <lang>/chatmessagehandler.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.chatstatests]
file_filter = <lang>/chatstates.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.birthdayreminderts]
file_filter = <lang>/birthdayreminder.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.statusiconsts]
file_filter = <lang>/statusicons.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.filetransferts]
file_filter = <lang>/filetransfer.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.commandsts]
file_filter = <lang>/commands.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.urlprocessorts]
file_filter = <lang>/urlprocessor.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.rosteritemexchangets]
file_filter = <lang>/rosteritemexchange.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.spellcheckerts]
file_filter = <lang>/spellchecker.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.messagecarbonsts]
file_filter = <lang>/messagecarbons.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.recentcontactsts]
file_filter = <lang>/recentcontacts.ts
source_lang = en

[eyecu-qt.metacontactsts]
file_filter = <lang>/metacontacts.ts
source_lang = en
